## Created by Timothy Blumberg on 19/05/2016

I am a paragraph of fake text that is written in order to satisfy the needs of the developer to be able to proof the coding thing that is currently being worked on. I have been written in order to reflect what a body of natural English looks like in the context of the web page, coding assignment, design document, proofing form etc. that is currently being checked for things that are rather unrelated to the content of the text that is contained in this paragraph. This paragraph is really devoid of meaning, but if you are reading this then I congratulate you for your perseverance in consuming useless information. The words contained herein are rather only approximately capable of being viewed as "information". They are information in the classical sense that data is stored in them, but in the technical sense, there are very few practical applications of the things you are reading. From this point, I will transition to another discussion of the nature of the what it means for a body of text to be labeled to only ever be "filler text". It is absurd to think that the entirety of this paragraph is naught but a poorly conceived collection of words, whose grandest ambition is to fill the space on a page until richer content can be imagined. The fact that the creative legwork must be put off to a later date so that things deemed more important may be worked on instead is rather preposterous to consider. However, it does seem to follow the classic, pragmatic order, that the act of creation be left to others deemed more capable. Absurd that we as a society have enabled the abstraction of our roles in society to expand to the point that we have creators of structure and creators of content. There is so much to create that it is only sensical to spread the onus of creation to multiple agents, assigning each a role and order in the grand scheme of life as it exists in this fine galaxy. All is for naught. There is nothing but emptiness in all directions for as far as one could possibly hope to ever imagine. And so this fine paragraph doth finally and heroically come to a close. 
